    npm init: 
    
This command initializes a new Node.js project. It creates a package.json file in your project directory, which holds metadata about your project and its dependencies. You'll be prompted to provide information about your project, such as its name, version, description, and more.

   npm install hardhat: 
   
This command installs the Hardhat development environment and build tool as a project dependency. Hardhat is commonly used for Ethereum smart contract development. It provides various tools and utilities to compile, test, and deploy smart contracts.

    npx hardhat: 

The npx command is used to execute Node.js packages that aren't globally installed. When you run npx hardhat, it initializes the Hardhat environment in your project directory. This step is usually done after installing Hardhat to set up your project for Ethereum development.

    npx hardhat compile: 
    
This command compiles the smart contracts in your project. Compiling is the process of translating your Solidity smart contract code into bytecode that can be executed on the Ethereum Virtual Machine (EVM). After compilation, you'll have ABI (Application Binary Interface) files and bytecode ready for deployment.

    npx hardhat clean: 
    
The clean command is used to remove the artifacts and build-related files generated by Hardhat during compilation and testing. This can help you start fresh or clean up your project directory.

    npx hardhat node --network localhost: 
    
Running this command launches a local Ethereum node using Hardhat's built-in network simulation. This is useful for testing and interacting with your smart contracts in a local environment. The --network localhost flag specifies that you want to use the local network configuration.

    npm run start: 

This command typically runs the start script defined in your package.json file. The script can be configured to start your application, which might include starting a development server, launching the user interface, or other relevant tasks.
